SUMMARY AND OBSERVATIONS:

High School educated people has claimed most. While those with PhD degrees claimed very less.
In the last 5 years also, those with the education level upto high school claimed their insurance most than others.

SUV car owners claimed most in last 5 years and Panel Truck owners claimed lowest in last 5 years.
In the line chart we have seen that the trend line shows that SUV owners took claims for their car insurance highest followed by Pick up cars. 
But the current claim amount is lowest is case of Van.


Female SUV owners are most frequently claimed the insurance for their cars than the Male SUV owners. Same in case of Sports Car.
The maximum amount is claimed  by the occupation with Blue Collar and the minimum amount is claimed by Doctor.

The dark colour (Blue collar) shows the higher claim amount in the last 5 years and light colour (Doctor) shows the 
lowest claimed amount in the period of last 5 years. 

Female and Male with Blue Collar occupation who has highest income claims most amongst all, but Managers and Lawyers claim insurance amount very less. 

It can be clearly seen that Rural areas people does not claim much. 
The most claims taken by SUV owners of Urban areas whose car is in Private use while the owner of Pick up cars which are for 
commercial purpose claims most in urban areas. 

Those who are married in urban areas with good income took claim for their car more frequently than those who are unmarried. 
Rural areas people has less income and claimed less frequently.

We can see that the worth of the Minivan is highest amongst all, but the claim isn't much.  
While Pickup cars woth half of the Minivan Claims more than Minivan, Sports Car and Van. 


In PRIVATE USE: Total Claimed amount for Minivan is highest followed by SUV car claimed amount. Lowest amount claimed by van.
In COMMERCIAL USE: Pickup cars claimed most followed by .Panel Truck.

Education and sum of Total Claimed Amount.  Color shows sum of Total Claimed Amount.  
Size shows sum of Total Claimed Amount.  The marks are labeled by Education and sum of Total Claimed Amount.

Bachelors has the highest total claimed amount.


